README.md, before:

#  System Settings
A **work-in-progress** SwiftUI recreation of the macOS System Settings app.

![An image of the recreated System Settings app in both dark and light mode. General is selected on the sidebar with its options shown on the main pane next to it.](Assets/XcodePreview.png)

## Information
- This personal project is a recreation of the System Settings app for macOS 15.5 **Release** (24F74).
- All features within the app are only simulations and have no effect on the device.

## Usage
Clone, open, and run the project in Xcode on any Mac.

As this is a personal project for learning Swift and SwiftUI, feel free to download and modify the project for your own personal use.

## Disclaimers
- All assets such as icons and images are not my own in any way.
- This app is a recreation of Apple's own apps and designs for learning purposes only.
- Feel free to look through the commit history to see the project evolve from a single view to its current state.

## Other Settings Projects
- **iOS & iPadOS Settings** https://github.com/zhrispineda/Settings-iOS
- **visionOS Settings** https://github.com/zhrispineda/Settings-visionOS
- **watchOS Settings** https://github.com/zhrispineda/Settings-watchOS
- **tvOS Settings** https://github.com/zhrispineda/Settings-tvOS

Commit message:

Update README, ContentView, SettingsModel for macOS 26 beta

README.md, after:

#  System Settings
A **work-in-progress** SwiftUI recreation of the macOS System Settings app.

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> This project is currently focused on macOS 26 beta using Xcode 26 beta. Use an older branch to deploy this project on macOS 15.5 or earlier/Xcode 16.4 or earlier.

![An image of the recreated System Settings app in both dark and light mode. General is selected on the sidebar with its options shown on the main pane next to it.](Assets/XcodePreview.png)

## Information
- This personal project is a recreation of the System Settings app for macOS 26 **beta** (25A5279m).
- All features within the app are only simulations and have no effect on the device.

## Usage
Clone, open, and run the project in Xcode on any Mac.

As this is a personal project for learning Swift and SwiftUI, feel free to download and modify the project for your own personal use.

## Disclaimers
- All assets such as icons and images are not my own in any way.
- This app is a recreation of Apple's own apps and designs for learning purposes only.
- Feel free to look through the commit history to see the project evolve from a single view to its current state.

## Other Settings Projects
- **iOS & iPadOS Settings** https://github.com/zhrispineda/Settings-iOS
- **visionOS Settings** https://github.com/zhrispineda/Settings-visionOS
- **watchOS Settings** https://github.com/zhrispineda/Settings-watchOS
- **tvOS Settings** https://github.com/zhrispineda/Settings-tvOS
